Update NFT Marketplace Setup to Align with Earlier Tutorials (#197)
onflow/cadence-lang.org: docs/tutorial/07-marketplace-setup.md

- Create and publish public capabilities for the NFT collection

:::info[Action]

Run the transaction using `0x07` as the signer, then run it again for `0x08`.

:::

### Fungible Token Setup

:::info[Action]

Open the `Fungible Token Setup` transaction.

:::

```cadence
import ExampleToken from 0x06

transaction() {
    prepare(acct: auth(SaveValue, Capabilities) &Account) {
        // Create a vault and save it in account storage
        acct.storage.save(<-ExampleToken.createEmptyVault(), to: ExampleToken.VaultStoragePath)

        // Create and publish a receiver for the fungible tokens
        let cap = acct.capabilities.storage.issue<&ExampleToken.Vault>(
            ExampleToken.VaultStoragePath
        )

        acct.capabilities.publish(cap, at: ExampleToken.VaultPublicPath)
    }

    execute {
        log("Vault Created")
    }
}
```

This transaction will:

- Instantiate a constant for and borrow a reference to the `ExampleToken` contract
- Create and add an empty `ExampleToken` vault
- Add the `Receiver` [capability] and [publish] it

:::info[Action]

Run the transaction using `0x07` as the signer, then run it again for `0x08`.

:::

## Mint NFTs

> Now that you've set up both account to be able to receive NFTs, it's time to give account `0x08` an NFT to sell to `0x09`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now that you've set up both accounts to be able to receive NFTs, it's time to give account `0x08` an NFT to sell to `0x09`.
```

:::tip

> **Reminder**: The `IntermediateNFT` contract allow **anyone** to freely mint NFTs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Reminder**: The `IntermediateNFT` contract allows **anyone** to freely mint NFTs. You wouldn't want this ability in production, but it is in here to streamline the tutorial.
```
